Brand website updates for 25 June (#4774)
alphagov/govuk-design-system: src/get-started/index.md

- [with prototyping](prototyping/)
- [working in production](production/)

## Getting started with the GOV.UK brand refresh

In June 2025, we made updates to the Design System to support a wider refresh of the GOV.UK brand. These include new features in GOV.UK Frontend to help service teams implement GOV.UK’s refreshed brand.

When you set up a new service using GOV.UK Frontend, you’ll need to implement the refreshed brand as part of getting started.

> The easiest way to do this is using our Nunjucks page template to add a `govukRebrand` [global value](https://mozilla.github.io/nunjucks/api.html#addglobal) to your environment, with a value of `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way to do this is to add a `govukRebrand` [global](https://mozilla.github.io/nunjucks/api.html#addglobal) to your Nunjucks environment, with a value of `true`.
```

> The easiest way to do this is to add a `govukRebrand` [global](https://mozilla.github.io/nunjucks/api.html#addglobal) to your Nunjucks environment, with a value of `true`.
> 
> This global value makes the affected components use new styles for the brand refresh and display updated assets (such as the refreshed logo in the GOV.UK header component and the crown in the GOV.UK footer component).
> 
> We also offer several other ways to do this, depending on the code in your service, however they involve more steps.

Author: ```suggestion
One simple way to do this is to add a `govukRebrand` [global](https://mozilla.github.io/nunjucks/api.html#addglobal) to your Nunjucks environment, with a value of `true`.

This global value makes the affected components use new styles for the brand refresh and display updated assets (such as the refreshed logo in the GOV.UK header component and the crown in the GOV.UK footer component).

We also offer several other ways to do this depending on the code in your service.
```

> We also offer several other ways to do this, depending on the code in your service, however they involve more steps.

Reviewer: I'm tempted to say the _easiest_ way (especially for non coders) to enable all this is to set the variable on the page template. We'd prefer them to use the global, but I'm wondering if it's a bit technical for the DS website? Probably overthinking it.

> We also offer several other ways to do this, depending on the code in your service, however they involve more steps.

Author: Based on @domoscargin's comment up above, I'm going to reduce the favouring of the global option and remove the "involve more steps" part of this sentence.

Also dodges the need for a semicolon, which the style guide suggests to avoid (I'm an em-dash and en-dash fan myself).

- [with prototyping](prototyping/)
- [working in production](production/)

## Getting started with the GOV.UK brand refresh

In June 2025, we made updates to the Design System to support a wider refresh of the GOV.UK brand. These include new features in GOV.UK Frontend to help service teams implement GOV.UK’s refreshed brand.

> When you set up a new service using GOV.UK Frontend, you'll need to implement the refreshed brand as part of getting started.

Author: Yep, I'll commit – I usually rely on one of the tools to convert it but this is good.

> The easiest way to do this is using our Nunjucks page template to add a `govukRebrand` [global value](https://mozilla.github.io/nunjucks/api.html#addglobal) to your environment. 

Reviewer: The global should be set to `true`

> ## Getting started with the GOV.UK brand refresh
> 
> In June 2025, we made updates to the Design System to support a wider refresh of the GOV.UK brand. These include new features in GOV.UK Frontend to help service teams implement GOV.UK’s refreshed brand.
> 
> When you set up a new service using GOV.UK Frontend, you'll need to implement the refreshed brand as part of getting started.
> 
> The easiest way to do this is using our Nunjucks page template to add a `govukRebrand` [global value](https://mozilla.github.io/nunjucks/api.html#addglobal) to your environment. 
> 
> This global value makes the affected components use new styles for the brand refresh and display updated assets (such as the refreshed logo in the GOV.UK header component and the crown in the GOV.UK footer component).
> 
> We also offer several other ways to do this, depending on the code in your service, however they involve more steps.
> 
> To see more details and how to update, you can read:
> 
> - [release notes for v5.10.0](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/releases/tag/v5.10.0)
> - [release notes for v5.10.1](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/releases/tag/v5.10.1)
> - [release notes for v5.10.2](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/releases/tag/v5.10.2)
> - [release notes for v4.10.0](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/releases/tag/v4.10.0)

Author: I feel like we can deduce that users are very unlikely to 'get started' using GOV.UK Frontend v4.x? Let's cut it!

```suggestion
## Getting started with the GOV.UK brand refresh

In June 2025, we made updates to the Design System to support a wider refresh of the GOV.UK brand. These include new features in GOV.UK Frontend to help service teams implement GOV.UK’s refreshed brand.

When you set up a new service using GOV.UK Frontend, you'll need to implement the refreshed brand as part of getting started.

The easiest way to do this is using our Nunjucks page template to add a `govukRebrand` [global value](https://mozilla.github.io/nunjucks/api.html#addglobal) to your environment. 

This global value makes the affected components use new styles for the brand refresh and display updated assets (such as the refreshed logo in the GOV.UK header component and the crown in the GOV.UK footer component).

We also offer several other ways to do this, depending on the code in your service, however they involve more steps.

To see more details and how to update, see the [release notes for GOV.UK Frontend v5.10.0](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/releases/tag/v5.10.0)
```
